There's not one right answer to the best STEM field to go into, I started
off as an electrician for the Navy but I eventually changed to computer
science because after thinking about it I thought you know with
all the other engineering rates you actually need to invest some
kind of money if you want to make a robot you need to go to Radio Shack
and buy all those equipments, if you want to work on planes then
eventually you're going to need to go find a plane to work on. But
computer science for me was one of the only jobs that you can have
where you can have a Macbook, you can open it up and based on just your
own mind and this laptop you can come up with a million dollar product
and that to me was incredible so that's why I switched but electrician
is a great job I had sometimes I had fun with it and I can
see that other people that I saw the mechanics the like electronics
engineers they they engineers generally are pretty happy people.